pc/README.md, before:

Sources:  
.raw files converted from https://int10h.org/oldschool-pc-fonts/ back to RAW.  
.bin files from https://github.com/spacerace/romfont  

3dfx8x8.bin  
![]( images/3dfx8x8.png )  

50146chareuro_8x8in8x16.bin  
![]( images/50146chareuro_8x8in8x16.png )  

acer500-II_cga_rom_01__8x8.bin  
![]( images/acer500-II_cga_rom_01__8x8.png )  

acer500-II_cga_rom_02__8x8.bin  
![]( images/acer500-II_cga_rom_02__8x8.png )  

acer500-II_cga_rom__8x8.bin  
![]( images/acer500-II_cga_rom__8x8.png )  

Acer710_CGA-8.raw  
![]( images/Acer710_CGA-8.png )  

Acer_VGA_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/Acer_VGA_8x8-8.png )  

ACM_VGA_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ACM_VGA_8x8-8.png )  

ami386__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ami386__8x8.png )  

AMI_EGA_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/AMI_EGA_8x8-8.png )  

ami-ega__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ami-ega__8x8.png )  

ami_winbios8x8.bin  
![]( images/ami_winbios8x8.png )  

Amstrad_PC-8.raw  
![]( images/Amstrad_PC-8.png )  

amxtv132__8x8.bin  
![]( images/amxtv132__8x8.png )  

Apricot_200L-8.raw  
![]( images/Apricot_200L-8.png )  

ApricotPortable-8.raw  
![]( images/ApricotPortable-8.png )  

ATI_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ATI_8x8-8.png )  

ATIEgaWonder800p_8x8.bin  
![]( images/ATIEgaWonder800p_8x8.png )  

ATI_SmallW_6x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ATI_SmallW_6x8-8.png )  

ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_01__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_01__8x8.png )  

ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_02__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_02__8x8.png )  

ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_03__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_03__8x8.png )  

ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_04__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_04__8x8.png )  

ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM__8x8.png )  

ATIx550_8x8.bin  
![]( images/ATIx550_8x8.png )  

AVGA2_8x8.bin  
![]( images/AVGA2_8x8.png )  

award-2.05_8x8.bin  
![]( images/award-2.05_8x8.png )  

BLADE3D_AGP__8x8.bin  
![]( images/BLADE3D_AGP__8x8.png )  

BLADE3D_AGP_HIS__8x8.bin  
![]( images/BLADE3D_AGP_HIS__8x8.png )  

BLADE3D_PCI__8x8.bin  
![]( images/BLADE3D_PCI__8x8.png )  

BLADEXP__8x8.bin  
![]( images/BLADEXP__8x8.png )  

bochslower127_8x8.bin  
![]( images/bochslower127_8x8.png )  

CGA_PRAVETZ_01__8x8.bin  
![]( images/CGA_PRAVETZ_01__8x8.png )  

CGA_PRAVETZ_02__8x8.bin  
![]( images/CGA_PRAVETZ_02__8x8.png )  

CGA_PRAVETZ_03__8x8.bin  
![]( images/CGA_PRAVETZ_03__8x8.png )  

CGA_PRAVETZ_04__8x8.bin  
![]( images/CGA_PRAVETZ_04__8x8.png )  

CGA_PRAVETZ__8x8.bin  
![]( images/CGA_PRAVETZ__8x8.png )  

CLGD5442_8x8.bin  
![]( images/CLGD5442_8x8.png )  

CompaqThin_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/CompaqThin_8x8-8.png )  

Connect3d_Infineon_8x8.bin  
![]( images/Connect3d_Infineon_8x8.png )  

Copam_BIOS-8.raw  
![]( images/Copam_BIOS-8.png )  

DG_One-8.raw  
![]( images/DG_One-8.png )  

DiamonStealth64_8x8.bin  
![]( images/DiamonStealth64_8x8.png )  

DTK_BIOS-8.raw  
![]( images/DTK_BIOS-8.png )  

dtk_erso_2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/dtk_erso_2__8x8.png )  

EagleSpCGA_Alt1-8.raw  
![]( images/EagleSpCGA_Alt1-8.png )  

EagleSpCGA_Alt2-8.raw  
![]( images/EagleSpCGA_Alt2-8.png )  

EagleSpCGA_Alt3-8.raw  
![]( images/EagleSpCGA_Alt3-8.png )  

ElsaVIC2_8x8.bin  
![]( images/ElsaVIC2_8x8.png )  

EpsonMGA-8.raw  
![]( images/EpsonMGA-8.png )  

EpsonMGA_Alt-8.raw  
![]( images/EpsonMGA_Alt-8.png )  

et4000_stb__8x8.bin  
![]( images/et4000_stb__8x8.png )  

et4000w32isa_8x8.bin  
![]( images/et4000w32isa_8x8.png )  

et4000_weirdlowerL_8x8.bin  
![]( images/et4000_weirdlowerL_8x8.png )  

EuroPC_CGA-8.raw  
![]( images/EuroPC_CGA-8.png )  

EverexME_5x8-8.raw  
![]( images/EverexME_5x8-8.png )  

EverexME_7x8-8.raw  
![]( images/EverexME_7x8-8.png )  

FMTowns_re_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/FMTowns_re_8x8-8.png )  

FujitsuSiemensX300M_8x8.bin  
![]( images/FujitsuSiemensX300M_8x8.png )  

G400_8x8.bin  
![]( images/G400_8x8.png )  

GENOA_8x8.bin  
![]( images/GENOA_8x8.png )  

genoa-ega-2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/genoa-ega-2__8x8.png )  

genxt__8x8.bin  
![]( images/genxt__8x8.png )  

HP_100LX_6x8-8.raw  
![]( images/HP_100LX_6x8-8.png )  

HP_100LX_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/HP_100LX_8x8-8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_01__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_01__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_02__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_02__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_03__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_03__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_04__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_04__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_05__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_05__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_06__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_06__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_07__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_07__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_08__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_08__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_09__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_09__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_10__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_10__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr__8x8.png )  

IBM_BIOS-8.raw  
![]( images/IBM_BIOS-8.png )  

IBM_CGA-8.raw  
![]( images/IBM_CGA-8.png )  

IBM_CGAthin-8.raw  
![]( images/IBM_CGAthin-8.png )  

IBM_Conv-8.raw  
![]( images/IBM_Conv-8.png )  

IBM_EGA_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/IBM_EGA_8x8-8.png )  

ibm-ega__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm-ega__8x8.png )  

IBM_PC_BIOS_1981-04-24_HALF_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_PC_BIOS_1981-04-24_HALF_8x8.png )  

IBM_PC_V1_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_PC_V1_8x8.png )  

IBM_PC_V2_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_PC_V2_8x8.png )  

IBM_PC_V3_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_PC_V3_8x8.png )  

IBM_VGA_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_VGA_8x8.png )  

IBM_XT286_V1_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_XT286_V1_8x8.png )  

IBM_XT_V1-V3_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_XT_V1-V3_8x8.png )  

ITT_Xtra-8.raw  
![]( images/ITT_Xtra-8.png )  

Kaypro2K_G-8.raw  
![]( images/Kaypro2K_G-8.png )  

LE_Model_D_CGA-8.raw  
![]( images/LE_Model_D_CGA-8.png )  

M32_8x8.bin  
![]( images/M32_8x8.png )  

M64gx_8x8.bin  
![]( images/M64gx_8x8.png )  

Master_512-8.raw  
![]( images/Master_512-8.png )  

MBytePC230_CGA-8.raw  
![]( images/MBytePC230_CGA-8.png )  

MGAMIL2_8x8.bin  
![]( images/MGAMIL2_8x8.png )  

Mindset-8.raw  
![]( images/Mindset-8.png )  

MIROV968_8x8.bin  
![]( images/MIROV968_8x8.png )  

MORSEKP800_8x8.bin  
![]( images/MORSEKP800_8x8.png )  

NCR_GD5428_8x8.bin  
![]( images/NCR_GD5428_8x8.png )  

NEC_APC3_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/NEC_APC3_8x8-8.png )  

NEC_MultiSpeed-8.raw  
![]( images/NEC_MultiSpeed-8.png )  

Nix8810_M35-8.raw  
![]( images/Nix8810_M35-8.png )  

NSILogic-SmartEGAPlus-04-086-01Rev1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/NSILogic-SmartEGAPlus-04-086-01Rev1__8x8.png )  

OakTechnolgy-unknown-1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/OakTechnolgy-unknown-1__8x8.png )  

OakTechnolgyVGA-KO77__8x8.bin  
![]( images/OakTechnolgyVGA-KO77__8x8.png )  

Olivetti_M15-8.raw  
![]( images/Olivetti_M15-8.png )  

olivetti-m24_8x8.bin  
![]( images/olivetti-m24_8x8.png )  

opt495sx__8x8.bin  
![]( images/opt495sx__8x8.png )  

phoenix-2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/phoenix-2__8x8.png )  

Phoenix_BIOS-8.raw  
![]( images/Phoenix_BIOS-8.png )  

PhoenixEGA_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/PhoenixEGA_8x8-8.png )  

PhoenixVGA_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/PhoenixVGA_8x8-8.png )  

Portfolio_6x8-8.raw  
![]( images/Portfolio_6x8-8.png )  

QuadtelS3_86C801_86C805EnhancedVGABIOS-Version2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/QuadtelS3_86C801_86C805EnhancedVGABIOS-Version2__8x8.png )  

QuadtelVGABIOSVersion1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/QuadtelVGABIOSVersion1__8x8.png )  

R128GL_8x8.bin  
![]( images/R128GL_8x8.png )  

Riva128A_8x8.bin  
![]( images/Riva128A_8x8.png )  

s3_764__8x8.bin  
![]( images/s3_764__8x8.png )  

S3Trio64V_8x8.bin  
![]( images/S3Trio64V_8x8.png )  

S3VirgeGX_8x8.bin  
![]( images/S3VirgeGX_8x8.png )  

SanyoMBC16-8.raw  
![]( images/SanyoMBC16-8.png )  

SanyoMBC55x-8.raw  
![]( images/SanyoMBC55x-8.png )  

SanyoMBC775-8.raw  
![]( images/SanyoMBC775-8.png )  

Sapphire9600NP256_8x8.bin  
![]( images/Sapphire9600NP256_8x8.png )  

Sapphire9600NPRO128_8x8.bin  
![]( images/Sapphire9600NPRO128_8x8.png )  

seabios8x8.bin  
![]( images/seabios8x8.png )  

SeequaCm-8.raw  
![]( images/SeequaCm-8.png )  

Sharp_PC3K-8.raw  
![]( images/Sharp_PC3K-8.png )  

Sharp_PC3K_Alt-8.raw  
![]( images/Sharp_PC3K_Alt-8.png )  

Sigma_RM_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/Sigma_RM_8x8-8.png )  

SperryPC_CGA-8.raw  
![]( images/SperryPC_CGA-8.png )  

SVGA141__8x8.bin  
![]( images/SVGA141__8x8.png )  

Tandy1K-I_200L-8.raw  
![]( images/Tandy1K-I_200L-8.png )  

Tandy1K-II_200L-8.raw  
![]( images/Tandy1K-II_200L-8.png )  

Tandy2K_G-TV-8.raw  
![]( images/Tandy2K_G-TV-8.png )  

tgui9400cxi__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tgui9400cxi__8x8.png )  

TNT2M64_8x8.bin  
![]( images/TNT2M64_8x8.png )  

ToshibaSat_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ToshibaSat_8x8-8.png )  

ToshibaT300_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ToshibaT300_8x8-8.png )  

toshiba_t5200c_bios_vers_3__1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/toshiba_t5200c_bios_vers_3__1__8x8.png )  

toshiba_t5200c_bios_vers_3__2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/toshiba_t5200c_bios_vers_3__2__8x8.png )  

toshiba_t5200c_bios_vers_3__8x8.bin  
![]( images/toshiba_t5200c_bios_vers_3__8x8.png )  

ToshibaTxL1_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ToshibaTxL1_8x8-8.png )  

ToshibaTxL2_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ToshibaTxL2_8x8-8.png )  

Trident_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/Trident_8x8-8.png )  

TridentEarly_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/TridentEarly_8x8-8.png )  

TSENG_ET3000AX_ISAVGA_8x8.bin  
![]( images/TSENG_ET3000AX_ISAVGA_8x8.png )  

TsengEVA_132_6x8-8.raw  
![]( images/TsengEVA_132_6x8-8.png )  

TsengLabsVGA-4000BIOSV1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/TsengLabsVGA-4000BIOSV1__8x8.png )  

TSVGA_ET4000_8x8.bin  
![]( images/TSVGA_ET4000_8x8.png )  

tvga8800cs_2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga8800cs_2__8x8.png )  

tvga8800cs__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga8800cs__8x8.png )  

tvga9000a_d211__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga9000a_d211__8x8.png )  

tvga9000a_d301__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga9000a_d301__8x8.png )  

tvga9000a_japan__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga9000a_japan__8x8.png )  

tvga9000i-2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga9000i-2__8x8.png )  

tvga-c4__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga-c4__8x8.png )  

tvga-d3__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga-d3__8x8.png )  

V7MERC_8x8.bin  
![]( images/V7MERC_8x8.png )  

V7_Vega_8x8.bin  
![]( images/V7_Vega_8x8.png )  

VANTA__8x8.bin  
![]( images/VANTA__8x8.png )  

Verite_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/Verite_8x8-8.png )  

vgaedge16__8x8.bin  
![]( images/vgaedge16__8x8.png )  

video_seven_vega_vga_62L1989V5_435-0016-47__8x8.bin  
![]( images/video_seven_vega_vga_62L1989V5_435-0016-47__8x8.png )  

Voodoo3PCI_8x8.bin  
![]( images/Voodoo3PCI_8x8.png )  

VTech_BIOS-8.raw  
![]( images/VTech_BIOS-8.png )  

VTech-LaserTurboXT-BIOS-V1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/VTech-LaserTurboXT-BIOS-V1__8x8.png )  

VTech-LaserXT3-BIOS-V1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/VTech-LaserXT3-BIOS-V1__8x8.png )  

wang_3050_BIOS_ROM__8x8.bin  
![]( images/wang_3050_BIOS_ROM__8x8.png )  

wd-pega__8x8.bin  
![]( images/wd-pega__8x8.png )  

WIN1KXHR__8x8.bin  
![]( images/WIN1KXHR__8x8.png )  

WONDER16__8x8.bin  
![]( images/WONDER16__8x8.png )  

XGA_8x8.bin  
![]( images/XGA_8x8.png )

Commit message:

Add md5sums to see which ones are identical.

pc/README.md, after:

Sources:  
.raw files converted from https://int10h.org/oldschool-pc-fonts/ back to RAW.  
.bin files from https://github.com/spacerace/romfont  
See md5sums.txt to see which ones are identical.  

3dfx8x8.bin  
![]( images/3dfx8x8.png )  

50146chareuro_8x8in8x16.bin  
![]( images/50146chareuro_8x8in8x16.png )  

acer500-II_cga_rom_01__8x8.bin  
![]( images/acer500-II_cga_rom_01__8x8.png )  

acer500-II_cga_rom_02__8x8.bin  
![]( images/acer500-II_cga_rom_02__8x8.png )  

acer500-II_cga_rom__8x8.bin  
![]( images/acer500-II_cga_rom__8x8.png )  

Acer710_CGA-8.raw  
![]( images/Acer710_CGA-8.png )  

Acer_VGA_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/Acer_VGA_8x8-8.png )  

ACM_VGA_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ACM_VGA_8x8-8.png )  

ami386__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ami386__8x8.png )  

AMI_EGA_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/AMI_EGA_8x8-8.png )  

ami-ega__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ami-ega__8x8.png )  

ami_winbios8x8.bin  
![]( images/ami_winbios8x8.png )  

Amstrad_PC-8.raw  
![]( images/Amstrad_PC-8.png )  

amxtv132__8x8.bin  
![]( images/amxtv132__8x8.png )  

Apricot_200L-8.raw  
![]( images/Apricot_200L-8.png )  

ApricotPortable-8.raw  
![]( images/ApricotPortable-8.png )  

ATI_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ATI_8x8-8.png )  

ATIEgaWonder800p_8x8.bin  
![]( images/ATIEgaWonder800p_8x8.png )  

ATI_SmallW_6x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ATI_SmallW_6x8-8.png )  

ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_01__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_01__8x8.png )  

ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_02__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_02__8x8.png )  

ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_03__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_03__8x8.png )  

ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_04__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM_04__8x8.png )  

ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ati_small_wonder_rev1_GR-ROM__8x8.png )  

ATIx550_8x8.bin  
![]( images/ATIx550_8x8.png )  

AVGA2_8x8.bin  
![]( images/AVGA2_8x8.png )  

award-2.05_8x8.bin  
![]( images/award-2.05_8x8.png )  

BLADE3D_AGP__8x8.bin  
![]( images/BLADE3D_AGP__8x8.png )  

BLADE3D_AGP_HIS__8x8.bin  
![]( images/BLADE3D_AGP_HIS__8x8.png )  

BLADE3D_PCI__8x8.bin  
![]( images/BLADE3D_PCI__8x8.png )  

BLADEXP__8x8.bin  
![]( images/BLADEXP__8x8.png )  

bochslower127_8x8.bin  
![]( images/bochslower127_8x8.png )  

CGA_PRAVETZ_01__8x8.bin  
![]( images/CGA_PRAVETZ_01__8x8.png )  

CGA_PRAVETZ_02__8x8.bin  
![]( images/CGA_PRAVETZ_02__8x8.png )  

CGA_PRAVETZ_03__8x8.bin  
![]( images/CGA_PRAVETZ_03__8x8.png )  

CGA_PRAVETZ_04__8x8.bin  
![]( images/CGA_PRAVETZ_04__8x8.png )  

CGA_PRAVETZ__8x8.bin  
![]( images/CGA_PRAVETZ__8x8.png )  

CLGD5442_8x8.bin  
![]( images/CLGD5442_8x8.png )  

CompaqThin_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/CompaqThin_8x8-8.png )  

Connect3d_Infineon_8x8.bin  
![]( images/Connect3d_Infineon_8x8.png )  

Copam_BIOS-8.raw  
![]( images/Copam_BIOS-8.png )  

DG_One-8.raw  
![]( images/DG_One-8.png )  

DiamonStealth64_8x8.bin  
![]( images/DiamonStealth64_8x8.png )  

DTK_BIOS-8.raw  
![]( images/DTK_BIOS-8.png )  

dtk_erso_2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/dtk_erso_2__8x8.png )  

EagleSpCGA_Alt1-8.raw  
![]( images/EagleSpCGA_Alt1-8.png )  

EagleSpCGA_Alt2-8.raw  
![]( images/EagleSpCGA_Alt2-8.png )  

EagleSpCGA_Alt3-8.raw  
![]( images/EagleSpCGA_Alt3-8.png )  

ElsaVIC2_8x8.bin  
![]( images/ElsaVIC2_8x8.png )  

EpsonMGA-8.raw  
![]( images/EpsonMGA-8.png )  

EpsonMGA_Alt-8.raw  
![]( images/EpsonMGA_Alt-8.png )  

et4000_stb__8x8.bin  
![]( images/et4000_stb__8x8.png )  

et4000w32isa_8x8.bin  
![]( images/et4000w32isa_8x8.png )  

et4000_weirdlowerL_8x8.bin  
![]( images/et4000_weirdlowerL_8x8.png )  

EuroPC_CGA-8.raw  
![]( images/EuroPC_CGA-8.png )  

EverexME_5x8-8.raw  
![]( images/EverexME_5x8-8.png )  

EverexME_7x8-8.raw  
![]( images/EverexME_7x8-8.png )  

FMTowns_re_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/FMTowns_re_8x8-8.png )  

FujitsuSiemensX300M_8x8.bin  
![]( images/FujitsuSiemensX300M_8x8.png )  

G400_8x8.bin  
![]( images/G400_8x8.png )  

GENOA_8x8.bin  
![]( images/GENOA_8x8.png )  

genoa-ega-2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/genoa-ega-2__8x8.png )  

genxt__8x8.bin  
![]( images/genxt__8x8.png )  

HP_100LX_6x8-8.raw  
![]( images/HP_100LX_6x8-8.png )  

HP_100LX_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/HP_100LX_8x8-8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_01__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_01__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_02__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_02__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_03__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_03__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_04__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_04__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_05__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_05__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_06__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_06__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_07__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_07__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_08__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_08__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_09__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_09__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_10__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr_10__8x8.png )  

ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm5155_cga_rom_memotek-gr__8x8.png )  

IBM_BIOS-8.raw  
![]( images/IBM_BIOS-8.png )  

IBM_CGA-8.raw  
![]( images/IBM_CGA-8.png )  

IBM_CGAthin-8.raw  
![]( images/IBM_CGAthin-8.png )  

IBM_Conv-8.raw  
![]( images/IBM_Conv-8.png )  

IBM_EGA_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/IBM_EGA_8x8-8.png )  

ibm-ega__8x8.bin  
![]( images/ibm-ega__8x8.png )  

IBM_PC_BIOS_1981-04-24_HALF_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_PC_BIOS_1981-04-24_HALF_8x8.png )  

IBM_PC_V1_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_PC_V1_8x8.png )  

IBM_PC_V2_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_PC_V2_8x8.png )  

IBM_PC_V3_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_PC_V3_8x8.png )  

IBM_VGA_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_VGA_8x8.png )  

IBM_XT286_V1_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_XT286_V1_8x8.png )  

IBM_XT_V1-V3_8x8.bin  
![]( images/IBM_XT_V1-V3_8x8.png )  

ITT_Xtra-8.raw  
![]( images/ITT_Xtra-8.png )  

Kaypro2K_G-8.raw  
![]( images/Kaypro2K_G-8.png )  

LE_Model_D_CGA-8.raw  
![]( images/LE_Model_D_CGA-8.png )  

M32_8x8.bin  
![]( images/M32_8x8.png )  

M64gx_8x8.bin  
![]( images/M64gx_8x8.png )  

Master_512-8.raw  
![]( images/Master_512-8.png )  

MBytePC230_CGA-8.raw  
![]( images/MBytePC230_CGA-8.png )  

MGAMIL2_8x8.bin  
![]( images/MGAMIL2_8x8.png )  

Mindset-8.raw  
![]( images/Mindset-8.png )  

MIROV968_8x8.bin  
![]( images/MIROV968_8x8.png )  

MORSEKP800_8x8.bin  
![]( images/MORSEKP800_8x8.png )  

NCR_GD5428_8x8.bin  
![]( images/NCR_GD5428_8x8.png )  

NEC_APC3_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/NEC_APC3_8x8-8.png )  

NEC_MultiSpeed-8.raw  
![]( images/NEC_MultiSpeed-8.png )  

Nix8810_M35-8.raw  
![]( images/Nix8810_M35-8.png )  

NSILogic-SmartEGAPlus-04-086-01Rev1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/NSILogic-SmartEGAPlus-04-086-01Rev1__8x8.png )  

OakTechnolgy-unknown-1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/OakTechnolgy-unknown-1__8x8.png )  

OakTechnolgyVGA-KO77__8x8.bin  
![]( images/OakTechnolgyVGA-KO77__8x8.png )  

Olivetti_M15-8.raw  
![]( images/Olivetti_M15-8.png )  

olivetti-m24_8x8.bin  
![]( images/olivetti-m24_8x8.png )  

opt495sx__8x8.bin  
![]( images/opt495sx__8x8.png )  

phoenix-2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/phoenix-2__8x8.png )  

Phoenix_BIOS-8.raw  
![]( images/Phoenix_BIOS-8.png )  

PhoenixEGA_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/PhoenixEGA_8x8-8.png )  

PhoenixVGA_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/PhoenixVGA_8x8-8.png )  

Portfolio_6x8-8.raw  
![]( images/Portfolio_6x8-8.png )  

QuadtelS3_86C801_86C805EnhancedVGABIOS-Version2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/QuadtelS3_86C801_86C805EnhancedVGABIOS-Version2__8x8.png )  

QuadtelVGABIOSVersion1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/QuadtelVGABIOSVersion1__8x8.png )  

R128GL_8x8.bin  
![]( images/R128GL_8x8.png )  

Riva128A_8x8.bin  
![]( images/Riva128A_8x8.png )  

s3_764__8x8.bin  
![]( images/s3_764__8x8.png )  

S3Trio64V_8x8.bin  
![]( images/S3Trio64V_8x8.png )  

S3VirgeGX_8x8.bin  
![]( images/S3VirgeGX_8x8.png )  

SanyoMBC16-8.raw  
![]( images/SanyoMBC16-8.png )  

SanyoMBC55x-8.raw  
![]( images/SanyoMBC55x-8.png )  

SanyoMBC775-8.raw  
![]( images/SanyoMBC775-8.png )  

Sapphire9600NP256_8x8.bin  
![]( images/Sapphire9600NP256_8x8.png )  

Sapphire9600NPRO128_8x8.bin  
![]( images/Sapphire9600NPRO128_8x8.png )  

seabios8x8.bin  
![]( images/seabios8x8.png )  

SeequaCm-8.raw  
![]( images/SeequaCm-8.png )  

Sharp_PC3K-8.raw  
![]( images/Sharp_PC3K-8.png )  

Sharp_PC3K_Alt-8.raw  
![]( images/Sharp_PC3K_Alt-8.png )  

Sigma_RM_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/Sigma_RM_8x8-8.png )  

SperryPC_CGA-8.raw  
![]( images/SperryPC_CGA-8.png )  

SVGA141__8x8.bin  
![]( images/SVGA141__8x8.png )  

Tandy1K-I_200L-8.raw  
![]( images/Tandy1K-I_200L-8.png )  

Tandy1K-II_200L-8.raw  
![]( images/Tandy1K-II_200L-8.png )  

Tandy2K_G-TV-8.raw  
![]( images/Tandy2K_G-TV-8.png )  

tgui9400cxi__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tgui9400cxi__8x8.png )  

TNT2M64_8x8.bin  
![]( images/TNT2M64_8x8.png )  

ToshibaSat_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ToshibaSat_8x8-8.png )  

ToshibaT300_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ToshibaT300_8x8-8.png )  

toshiba_t5200c_bios_vers_3__1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/toshiba_t5200c_bios_vers_3__1__8x8.png )  

toshiba_t5200c_bios_vers_3__2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/toshiba_t5200c_bios_vers_3__2__8x8.png )  

toshiba_t5200c_bios_vers_3__8x8.bin  
![]( images/toshiba_t5200c_bios_vers_3__8x8.png )  

ToshibaTxL1_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ToshibaTxL1_8x8-8.png )  

ToshibaTxL2_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/ToshibaTxL2_8x8-8.png )  

Trident_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/Trident_8x8-8.png )  

TridentEarly_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/TridentEarly_8x8-8.png )  

TSENG_ET3000AX_ISAVGA_8x8.bin  
![]( images/TSENG_ET3000AX_ISAVGA_8x8.png )  

TsengEVA_132_6x8-8.raw  
![]( images/TsengEVA_132_6x8-8.png )  

TsengLabsVGA-4000BIOSV1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/TsengLabsVGA-4000BIOSV1__8x8.png )  

TSVGA_ET4000_8x8.bin  
![]( images/TSVGA_ET4000_8x8.png )  

tvga8800cs_2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga8800cs_2__8x8.png )  

tvga8800cs__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga8800cs__8x8.png )  

tvga9000a_d211__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga9000a_d211__8x8.png )  

tvga9000a_d301__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga9000a_d301__8x8.png )  

tvga9000a_japan__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga9000a_japan__8x8.png )  

tvga9000i-2__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga9000i-2__8x8.png )  

tvga-c4__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga-c4__8x8.png )  

tvga-d3__8x8.bin  
![]( images/tvga-d3__8x8.png )  

V7MERC_8x8.bin  
![]( images/V7MERC_8x8.png )  

V7_Vega_8x8.bin  
![]( images/V7_Vega_8x8.png )  

VANTA__8x8.bin  
![]( images/VANTA__8x8.png )  

Verite_8x8-8.raw  
![]( images/Verite_8x8-8.png )  

vgaedge16__8x8.bin  
![]( images/vgaedge16__8x8.png )  

video_seven_vega_vga_62L1989V5_435-0016-47__8x8.bin  
![]( images/video_seven_vega_vga_62L1989V5_435-0016-47__8x8.png )  

Voodoo3PCI_8x8.bin  
![]( images/Voodoo3PCI_8x8.png )  

VTech_BIOS-8.raw  
![]( images/VTech_BIOS-8.png )  

VTech-LaserTurboXT-BIOS-V1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/VTech-LaserTurboXT-BIOS-V1__8x8.png )  

VTech-LaserXT3-BIOS-V1__8x8.bin  
![]( images/VTech-LaserXT3-BIOS-V1__8x8.png )  

wang_3050_BIOS_ROM__8x8.bin  
![]( images/wang_3050_BIOS_ROM__8x8.png )  

wd-pega__8x8.bin  
![]( images/wd-pega__8x8.png )  

WIN1KXHR__8x8.bin  
![]( images/WIN1KXHR__8x8.png )  

WONDER16__8x8.bin  
![]( images/WONDER16__8x8.png )  

XGA_8x8.bin  
![]( images/XGA_8x8.png )
